# csc4350-group9
Group project for Professor Akshita's Software Engineering class at GSU (Spring 2019)

Automated Parking Service

Members:
- Yasir Bhuiyan
  + Student at Georgia State University, graduating Spring of 2019, with a Bachelor of Science in Computer Science. Related coursework includes experience with database systems, machine learning algorithms, and assembly programming. Proficient languages include C, Java, Python, and Julia. Relevant work experience in programming embedded systems with C, as well as programming mobile apps in Java.
  
- Samhita Ghosal
  + Fourth-year college student at Georgia State University and major is the Bachelor of Science: Computer Science. Well versed in computer science. Related coursework includes studies of basic java, assembly language, Unix, C programming, python and socket programming. Acquired knowledge of computer architecture, cyber security and the theoretical understanding of the background of coding and understanding of all sorts and methods. Well efficient in using eclipse, virtual studios, ubuntu, wireshark, and virtual machine. Can offer concrete critical thinking and problem-solving skills 

- Mu Ge
  + I am now a graduate student of computer science. I have already got my bachelor degree in Electrical and Computer Engineering. I used to do projects using C language, Java, Python and I know a little about assembly language. I am familiar with Windows and Linux/Unix environment, as well as virtual machine (VMware). Also, I have used some program/framework to help me with the program developing, such as Docker, Apache Spark. I have some algorithm development experience on machine learning, regression and graph theory and have some related knowledge of testing or validating. Plus, I had some software testing working experience in industry, that might be helpful while doing a project. 

- Cheng Yu
  + I am the college student at Georgia State University and the minor of Computer Science. Most of projects I used the c, java, c#  programming to work on my project. Have some knowledge of computer architecture the computer security. Also, I had some experience work and code on the linux. Most of time I use the eclipse.  Had experience work the project on the blender, have some experience create the 3d model and the project on the blender. A few knowledge about the computer vision and graphics.

- Anh Tuan Le
  + I am currently a Senior student at Georgia State University pursuing a Bachelor of Science in Computer Science here. I am familiar with languages such as Java, C, Python. I have experiences with Object Oriented Programming, Virtual Machines, Data Structures as well as Algorithms during my courses. I mainly use Java to code to solve problems, doing projects. Also quite familiar with Eclipse, Intellij IDEA, Virtualbox.

Getting Started:

1. Install Node.js from nodejs.org
2. Install npm from npmjs.com
3. Install aws-sdk in terminal
	"npm install aws-sdk"
4. Install express in terminal
	"npm install -g express"
5. Add express to your PATH variable if needed

To run the app locally
1. Install dependencies with npm. Node Package Manager will install any necessary packages.
	"npm install"
2. Start server
	"npm start"
3. Navigate to "http://localhost:3000" on your browser.

NOTE: Lock down dependency versions with "npm shrinkwrap" (Only do if deploying into production).
NOTE: "npm start" is also the command AWS Elasticbeanstalk runs to start the server.

App.js - Main controller for the app, handler for POST and GET requests.

bin - Contains autogenerated www file

models - Contains model classes used with Sequelize API

node_modules - This will be populated with any packages that NPM installs

public - Contains old html, used before the migration to EJS

views - Contains .ejs files used with EJS rendering engine